All right, class! The second-term midterms are just two weeks away!
The time has come at last to surpass the A Class!
Let's go into this red-hot! Hot! Hot!
That's too hot!
Ever since we dodged Asano-kun's trap at the sports festival,
we've been able to focus all our efforts on our midterms.
At the same time,
we were all a little... restless, somehow.
There were five months left until Korosensei's assassination deadline,
and we were only growing more impatient.
It's payback time!
What a rush!
Aw, yeah!
How's this for a shortcut to the station?
It's the best!
Wait up, everyone!
No parkour outside of class!
We'll be fine!
The sports festival already showed 'em we're no ordinary students!
We just might pull off that assassination after all!
What a shortcut!
What was that noise?!
Oh, no! I'll call an ambulance!
A hairline fracture of the right femur.
It's mild enough that he should be up and walking in a week or so,
but given that you kids are a state secret,
my men are negotiating a gag order and an out-of-court settlement.
We...
K-Korosensei... B-But it was such a narrow street.
Who'd ever expect an old man to be riding his bike down there?
He's right.
I do think that what we did was wrong.
But we did it to sharpen up our skills.
You just don't understand the pressure and panic of havin' to save the Earth.
Will you report that as injuring the students?
I'll overlook it this once.
I knew the risks when I introduced that high-level training.
It may have been too soon for you after all.
It's my fault.
Sensei... We're sorry.
We're really sorry. We screwed up.
You may have grown too strong.
Drunk on your newfound power,
you forgot to put yourself in the shoes of those weaker than you.
That makes you no different than the students from the main campus.
It hurt to be chastised like that, but what could we say in reply?
Is this what it means to make a mistake?
The midterms are now exactly two weeks away.
I forbid any of you from studying for them.
This is not a punishment.
There are simply other things you should be studying first.
The fault is partly mine for having forgotten to teach them.
If you could please accept this offer, Matsukata-san...
I will not!
I need to spend two whole weeks cooped up in here!
A plain old apology won't be enough for those brats.
I'll need, say... some kind of unprecedented... hmm...
bowing and scraping, say, or...
What the? Who put all these flowers here all of a sudden?
I-I'm so sorry!
Not only do I have a ten-billion-yen bounty on my head, but my students have caused so much trouble!
Listen up, children!
Principal Matsukata has been hurt, so he can't work for a while.
What?
He got hurt?
Poor Mr. Principal!
So instead, these young men and women
will do anything we need for the next two weeks!
Okay!
Hmph.
Give me a break.
How'd we wind up with collective responsibility when we had nothing to do with this?
A witch!
She's a witch!
Spooky... I'm scared... We gotta get rid of her.
Sorry. It's all our fault.
They're really chomping on you!
We each got a sticky slap in the face too.
Forgive me.
He said he has to treat us all equally to keep things fair.
I'm sorry.
Forgive me.
Sorry about this.
It's all right. We should have realized someone could get hurt.
I guess I might have supervisory responsibility...
as the trainer of this goofy circus troupe.
Hey!
Well, we can do some stealth studying at home.
Two weeks of unpaid work as a condition for keeping the E Class's secret?
A small price to pay if it means we can claim that bounty.
Takebayashi...
He'd be pretty on point if he wasn't standing there in his underwear.
There are lots of kids here with way too much energy.
So what exactly are you planning to do for us, now?
Barging in on us en masse...
Reckon you can at least work off the oxygen you're consuming here?
And some with even more spite!
Uh-oh. Sakura-neesan's in a bad mood.
Yeah... These guys are gonna get murdered.
She's been here five years. She's the oldest kid around.
And she's spent two of those years resisting school control!
Sakura-neesan, the elite NEET!
Something sure set you guys off.
You make it sound cool and all, but really, she just spends her time playing hooky.
First, have you got what it takes to work?
Hey, uh... Let's just see, shall we? Hmm?
Aw, that part of the floor's no good.
Aren't you getting it fixed?
I mean... this building is pretty decrepit.
We don't have the money.
Any waitlisted student, any child not attending primary school—
our principal takes them in at rock-bottom rates.
He can't even hire enough staff, so he winds up working harder than anyone.
Twenty-eight of us for two weeks...
I reckon we could get something done.
Sure we could!
Yeah!
Okay, everyone, let's divvy up the duties and work in his stead!
First, a strategy meeting!
Got it!
Please stop, Sir Karma! You mustn't hurt anyone else!
No, my princess. I must drive out this monster!
Otherwise, peace will ne'er return to our kingdom!
Karma, you jerk... The script says "no contact"!
Or was smackin' me around your plan all along?!
Wow, such realistic action!
Yeah! And that lady's acting really sucks me in!
Hey!
T-To your rest, monster!
The mage's chloroform put the monster to sleep unhurt.
And they all lived happily ever after with the power of chemistry!
That's sneaky!
All right, children, if you liked that, clap your hands!
Kayano's great with kids.
Yeah.
She knows how to gauge the mood, and she's close to their size.
So what are we heavy lifters supposed to do?
Chiba's putting together some blueprints with Ritsu.
Okay, leave the decorations to us!
Ready, and... Wow!
Here, you have a shot.
Yay!
What a cute kitty cat!
I wonder if it's lost.
What a huge help, having the students from a prestigious junior high
look over their work one-on-one!
Oh, no, miss. We're the bottom of the barrel.
Please don't expect too much.
This girl is a bit behind in her studies.
It's bound to happen as long as she stays here instead of going on to school.
Let's see...
How can I explain these equations so even a primary-school kid can understand it?
Hmm. Teaching's tough.
Make it snappy, Nagisa!
Weren't you supposed to get me into the University of Tokyo?!
S-Sorry... Hmph!
Uh, hey...
Why did you stop going to school?
Huh?
Bullying, of course! The typical stupid kind!
I just don't get people.
Kids at this age are innocent and sweet.
But once they get a little bigger and stronger,
it's like they just use that strength to hurt people.
O-Ouch.
You're thinking it too, aren't you?
"Don't run away."
"If you don't like it, go to school and get stronger yourself."
Just like Mom and Dad always say.
Well,
you look weaker than me, so you probably wouldn't understand.
Here, kitty-kitty!
Oh, dear... Can't the kitty cat get down?
It's so little, it probably hasn't climbed a lot of trees yet.
See what happens when you pluck up the courage to climb?
The higher you get, the more dangerous it is.
What's the harm in staying down on solid ground?
This is one clichéd mess.
I'll take care of it.
Okajima, let's do what we did with the pole-toppling.
Okay!
Gotta make sure it's safe down below.
Sakura-chan...
If that treetop is school,
and the ground is this place here...
we all found our strength down on the ground.
Okay, all set!
While looking up, and getting looked down upon,
we learned plenty about how scary heights were before we started climbing.
That's why we can go our own way now.
Gotcha!
Yowch!
Still, somewhere along the way we forgot our fear of heights,
so we do still fall to the ground now and then.
So learn what you can here.
You can go on to school once you have a game plan.
My secret lesson will give you what you need.
Nagisa...
Our work here was full of firsts.
And as we spent our time, learning so many things we'd never cover in school,
the two weeks were over before we knew it.
Thank you so much for accommodating our request.
Hmph.
When you said it was to make your students more well-rounded,
well, as a fellow educator, I couldn't say no.
I just hope that wooden shack hasn't collapsed under their weight.
Hmm? Oh!
Before!
After!
This is unbelievable!
A house built with trees culled from the E Class's mountain
and from discarded lumber.
This was once a cramped and humble preschool building...
But what's this?
It's now a roomy and substantial multipurpose space!
Oh, my... In only two weeks?
Computerized calculations mean it's perfectly sturdy.
New pillars now shore up the entire, near-crumbling main building.
Our calculations were drawn from architecture all over the world!
The second floor is divided into two rooms, one being a library
where the kids can focus on studying or reading.
The layout is fairly simple, given our limited time and resources.
We went through the neighborhood collecting used children's books.
Including mine!
The other room is an indoor playground.
Careful placement of netting and mats ensure safety,
and since it's all out of the rain,
the equipment won't grow brittle from corrosion or rust.
These kids... Next up is the garage.
The garage?
Whoa!
Oh, my goodness me!
The tech squad has entirely remodeled the principal's bicycle,
which had its front wheel bent in the fall!
Now it's an ultra-safe, high-load-bearing, electric-assisted three-wheeler!
The revolving playscape upstairs is connected to a battery charger.
The bike was designed to draw most of its power from that rotation.
In other words... the more children use the playscape,
the more they'll help out their principal!
This is all too perfect!
You've done far too well! It's actually a little creepy!
The principal's beloved old dentures were reused in the trike's bell.
No one needs that much attention to detail!
Besides...
You can bring all these things up to scratch,
but if you didn't get in close to these children's hearts,
then I can't say you've done your job these two weeks.
Hey, Nagisa!
Ta-dah! I came in second!
Wow, that's great! Well done!
I did just what you said!
I came in only for my math test, like a sneak attack.
I finished the test and left.
And the bullies couldn't do a thing while there was a test going on.
Yep!
Aside from the teacher, I didn't tell anyone I was coming.
Using your best attack before your opponent can get into position:
that's how we fight in the E Class, Sakura-chan.
Keep on using those hit-and-run tactics,
and you'll have more weapons at your disposal in school.
Th-Then...
You'll continue to teach me from time to time, right?
Of course!
That's one scary dude.
His very obliviousness is what makes him so terrifying.
You brats... I can't come up with a single complaint.
Oh, welcome back, Principal! Look at this!
You all run back to school, now.
You have some important work to attend to.
Yes, sir!
See you later!
And so, our special lesson came to an end.
However...
The midterms were the very next day.
It was a disaster.
The majority of the E Class got booted out of the top spots.
What a letdown.
Guess that last time was just a fluke, eh?
We didn't even need to smash you at pole-toppling.
Cat got your tongue? That's not surprising.
At this school, grades are everything.
Those on the bottom have no right speaking to those at the top.
Really?
Then you can't say anything to me, now, can you?
Only one student in the E Class remained undaunted by that two-week handicap.
I didn't miss the traces of major prep work at his house
on the day of the summer festival.
I mean, our teacher'll probably be like,
"It's not good enough if you didn't come in first."
Karma-kun!
Hasn't it dawned on you?
I'm the only one who gave it his all this time around.
Everyone else was pulling their punches for you.
They were worried you'd have no standing if you kept on losing.
Say what?!
But we won't go easy on you next time.
C'mon!
Karma-kun...
He really covered for us.
We're so sorry for all the trouble, Karasuma-sensei.
All in a day's work. Don't worry about it.
What about you?
Have you learned anything from this?
It's not for our own money... or our grades.
It reminded me that we can use the strength we've gained for others too.
If we have the power to kill, we can save the Earth.
If we have academic ability, we can help people.
And we won't use it so carelessly again.
We'll be careful—in lots of ways.
Failure and frustration, too, are sources of growth.
Surely this will make them all stronger.
They should just keep applying themselves— to their studies and assassination alike.
Now, then...
Time for a little BBQ with the foie gras I bought on the sly at a French farmer's market!
At least I've kept this from my students!
Wh-Where the heck did you come from?!
Wow! A fall from that height, and it didn't hurt a bit!
Wh-What's going on? I barely had time to breathe!
We wanted you to see this, Korosensei!
New equipment from the government.
I told them not to tip their hand...
but they really wanted to show you how they use their new powers.
We'll respond to your lessons with assassination.
It's how we do things around here.
We promise you, Korosensei:
we won't use this power for any purpose other than protecting people.
You get full marks for that answer.
When I first came here, all I found was some stagnant bloodlust here and there in the classroom.
There was little danger of being assassinated, but it was a cold place.
Now, though...
the whole campus is bubbling over with warm-hearted bloodlust!
Someday, you too will come across such a challenger.
Yes. I have so many of them now, right before my eyes.
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life
The moon that floats in the night sky
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
I went to touch it: it was warm
sotto furete mita atatakakute And slowly drew me in
And slowly drew me in jinwari suikomareta
jinwari suikomareta
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo
Taking on the 2nd-term Midterms! Special Training to Improve in Your Worst Subjects
6th Period Okajima Taiga Before & After Time
To Emergency Reception
Matsukata-sama Matsukata-sama Matsukata-sama
Matsukata-sama Matsukata-sama
Addition and Subtraction Addition and Subtraction
Addition and Subtraction
Dummy What a pain!
Get lost!
Go home!
Assassination Classroom Second Season Kayano Kaede
Kiyashiki Sakura Kiyashiki Sakura Kiyashiki Sakura
Kiyashiki Sakura
E E E Sugino Tomohito 65th overall
Sugino Tomohito 65th overall
Okajima Taiga 76th overall
Shiota Nagisa 54th overall
m -853 -438 l -588 -438 -589 -276 -853 -276
m -853 -438 l -817 -438 -817 -401 -853 -401
A A A A A Seo Tomoya 5th overall
Seo Tomoya 5th overall Sakakibara Ren 3rd overall
Sakakibara Ren 3rd overall Asano Gakushuu 1st overall
Asano Gakushuu 1st overall Araki Teppei 4th overall
Araki Teppei 4th overall Koyama Natsuhiko 6th overall
Koyama Natsuhiko 6th overall
m -853 -438 l -588 -438 -589 -276 -853 -276
m -853 -438 l -817 -438 -817 -401 -853 -401
E Akabane Karma 2nd overall Akabane Karma 2nd overall
m -853 -438 l -588 -438 -589 -276 -853 -276
m -853 -438 l -817 -438 -817 -401 -853 -401